[Music]
are you a curious person don't deny it
we all are the world around us is full
of surprises and secrets so it's
impossible not to be so here I am to
satisfy your curiosity and quite
possibly make you the most knowledgeable
person in any room one chocolate milk
was once medicine this delicious
beverage was originally invented by an
Irish physician when he was travelling
to Jamaica back in the 17th century and
noticed how locals drank water mixed
with cocoa after returning home he made
some changes to the recipe and it was
sold at a drugstore to birds saliva is
actually an expensive delicacy you might
think that caviar and truffles are the
fruit of the rich but in China they
prefer bird's nest soup and the
swiftlets saliva is one of its
ingredients this weird dish is believed
to have exquisite flavor and be good for
health 3 the popsicle was invented by an
11-year old boy back in 1905 Frank
Epperson who left a mixture of powder
flavored soda water with a stir stick in
it on the porch because it was really
cold outside on that night the drink
froze and that's how your favorite hot
weather treat was born for bananas
curved shape what makes all bananas look
like crescent moons this yellow fruit
grows in rainforests where there is not
much sunlight that's why bananas Bend
trying to reach for the breaks of light
in the canopy 5 elephants can't jump you
might have seen them jumping in cartoons
but it's actually impossible and not
only because it's hard to do when you
weigh 4 tons or more the elephants have
relatively weak leg muscles and fairly
inflexible ankles 6
flamingos are born white or grey it
takes them up to 3 years to get their
mature pink orange or red blue much and
the color of their feathers changes
because they eat a lot of brine shrimp
and algae that's why zoo flamingos might
turn white if there's not enough of
those ingredients in their diet 7 cats
can't taste sugar
it just so happens that their taste buds
for sweets are not very responsive if
your cat ate candy and was pretty
delighted it doesn't mean that the bed
has a sweet tooth it's probably more
about the fat contained in that candy
eight crocodiles can't stick their
tongues out want to know how to tell a
crocodile from an alligator
alligators can stick out their tongues
while crocodiles don't there is a
membrane that holds their tongue in
place on the roof of their mouth so that
it doesn't move which protects their
airway when they spend so much time
underwater 9 your fat cells don't just
disappear if you're trying to shed a few
pounds you won't actually lose fat cells
they stay with you but change their size
and if you gain weight they grow bigger
10 traffic lights can be blue yes you
can see it in Japan some traffic lights
there turn blue instead of green because
historically both colors were named with
the same word the 11 Charles Darwin
invented an office chair this famous
scientist was the first who came up with
the idea to attach wheels to a chair so
that he could move around more quickly
yeah he was a real genius after all 12
Hawaiian pizza is actually Canadian this
pizza with ham and pineapples was
invented in Ontario in 1962 by a
Canadian chef he named it Hawaiian after
the brand of canned pineapple used 13
snail teeth are the hardest natural
material there is a type of aquatic
snail called limpet limpet teeth are 100
times thinner than a human hair but they
can actually withstand more pressure
than it takes to create diamonds from
carbon before it was believed that
spider silk was the strongest material
in the natural world 14 tigers have
striped skin they say a leopard can't
change its spots but Tigers can't change
their stripes either because their skin
has the same striped pattern as their
fur besides the striped pattern is
unique for every animal just like human
fingerprints 15 champagne was once used
as a shoe polish when a feel like a 90
century aristocrat then just sprinkle
some champagne on your shoes because
that's how they made their Footwear
shine back then sixteen bulls don't hate
red despite common belief bulls are
generally colorblind too red and green
it's the motion of the swinging fabric
that sends them into a charging frenzy
in the ring because they consider it a
threat seventeen silver objects don't
burea five water from bacteria silver
does have antibacterial properties
however just putting something silver in
the water whether it's a spoon chain or
a coin won't cut it because there aren't
enough silver ions to get that cleansing
effect 18 a cockroach can live without
its head if you ever had these insects
in your house then you know how hard it
is to get rid of them they seem really
invincible and it's partly true because
a cockroach can live for a few weeks
even after decapitation 19 chokolate was
once a currency many centuries ago a
tribe called the Aztecs couldn't grow
cacao in the dry highlands of central
Mexico that's why they traded with Amaya
and other people's to get it ordinary
people in the Aztec empire also had to
pay taxes with cocoa seeds 20 a dog is
as smart as a toddler I mean every pet
owner already believes that their pooch
is a genius right but now science backs
up this idea dogs are approximately as
intelligent as a two-year-old child 21 a
town where cell phones are banned it's
hard to imagine life without cell phones
right but Green Bank located in West
Virginia has become a cell-free zone in
the name of science here no wireless
signals are allowed because they could
interfere with the work of one of the
world's largest radio telescopes in the
National Radio Astronomy Observatory 22
fidgeting burns calories well that makes
sense because moving means blasting
calories but just hear me out if you sit
all day fidgeting you can burn a
whopping 600 calories so keep tapping
your finger and shaking your knee if you
want to stay fed
23 your hair contains traces of gold
you're a real treasure my friend there
are up to 14 elements in each strand of
your hair including nanoparticles of
gold 24 a writer predicted how the
Titanic would sink in 1898 US writer
Morgan Robertson wrote a novel called
futility in the book he described how
the largest ship of its day that was
called the Titan hit an iceberg and went
under and in 1912 pretty much the same
happened in real life
what a creepy coincidence 25 wearing
orange might be bad for your career it's
always hard to choose what to wear for a
job interview to make a good impression
for some reason hiring managers find
Orange the worst color and are more
likely to reject a candidate wearing it
in case you're wondering the best color
to wear is blue which of those facts was
the most astonishing to you let
everybody know down in the comments
below don't forget to give this video a
like share it with your friends and
click subscribe to stay on the bright
side of life